[OSDOCS-11001]: Moving HCP disconnected docs (#80675)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-dc-bm-reqs.adoc

Author: Question for technical reviewers: Do these requirements apply only to bare metal platforms, or do they also apply to virtual platforms?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-disconnected/hcp-deploy-dc-bm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="hcp-dc-bm-reqs_{context}"]
= Requirements to deploy {hcp} on bare metal in a disconnected environment

> To configure hosted control planes in a disconnected environment, you must meet the following prerequisites:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure {hcp} in a disconnected environment, you must meet the following prerequisites:
```
